DOCS-2403, DOCS-2624, and DOCS-2622 Synthetics CI/CD Integrations Content Updates (#12360)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/ci_results_explorer.md

- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/datadog-synthetic-ci-cd-testing/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Incorporate Datadog Synthetic tests into your CI/CD pipeline"

> - link: "https://learn.datadoghq.com/enrol/index.php?id=37"

Reviewer: Not sure if this is meant to be with one L (as in, the url itself is naturally misspelled), but flagging just in case

Author: The old link redirects to this new link with "enrol," good eye!

* Keep track of the progress of your tests in CI pipelines.
* Identify flaky tests to fix.

## Explore test batches

> The CI Results Explorer displays batches of tests run by the [Synthetics and CI/CD integration][1]. Each batch corresponds to a call to the Datadog API (through the NPM package or directly through the API endpoint) and triggers one or several test executions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CI Results Explorer displays batches of tests run by [Synthetics and your CI/CD provider][1]. Each batch corresponds to a call to the Datadog API (through one of our [CI/CD integrations][1], the [datadog-ci][3] NPM package or directly through the API endpoint) and triggers one or several test executions. 
```

Let me know what you think

Reviewer 2: Also would need to add the link after line 96: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@datadog/datadog-ci
